Update Engineering diffraction manual test instructions with how to have the data files for testing (#39470)
mantidproject/mantid: dev-docs/source/Testing/EngineeringDiffraction/EngineeringDiffractionTestGuide.rst

Preamble
^^^^^^^^^
- This document is tailored towards developers intending to test the Engineering Diffraction interface.
- Runs can be loaded from the archive, however it is possible that different run numbers will be needed as older runs may be deleted.

> - The nexus files for all the runs used below are available from ``<mantidBuildDir>/ExternalData/Testing/Data/DocTest`` path

Reviewer: I'm not sure that it is. I don't have an ExternalData folder in my build directory. I'm trying to work out how to set it up by looking at https://developer.mantidproject.org/DataFilesForTesting.html#cmake-s-external-data but it's not clear how to do it.

Author: Building `DocTestData` target in Mantid will make those files available at the default location of `ExternalData_BINARY_ROOT` cmake variable which is build/ExternalData as per [Data Files for Testing](https://developer.mantidproject.org/DataFilesForTesting.html#cmake-s-external-data). Can you please try that? Those instructions can then be added here

Reviewer: Ok so it looks like I followed the instructions where it suggests saving the External Data elsewhere and then running the CMake command. I also made sure that in Manage Directories I had added a link to the External Data folder. However I'm not sure the External Data has actually been updated as when I try to do step 10 of the Calibration part of Test 1 (as part of step 2 of Test 2) I'm getting an error that the run numbers/path is not valid. Not sure if thats a problem with External Data or it doesn't like a random string in the RB number field....

Author: Can you please double-check whether the `ENGINX00305738` file is available at the `ExternalData` folder that is configured at Manage Directories? That error comes when the required files is not found. 

Hope `DocTestData` target was built successfully before following the test?

> - Data loading time from the archive can be heavily deducted by adding the above path at ``File`` -> ``Manage User Directories`` -> ``Data Search Directories`` before starting the tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Data loading time from the archive can be reduced by adding the above path at ``File`` -> ``Manage User Directories`` -> ``Data Search Directories`` before starting the tests.
```
